docs: clarify ftdetect scripts loading during packadd (#17465)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/repeat.txt

			below "plugin", just like with plugins in
			'runtimepath'.

			If the filetype detection was already enabled (this
			is usually done with a "syntax enable" or "filetype
			on" command in your |init.vim|, or automatically during
			|initialization|), and the package was found in
			"pack/*/opt/{name}", this command will also look
			for "{name}/ftdetect/*.vim" files.

			When the optional ! is added no plugin files or
			ftdetect scripts are loaded, only the matching
			directories are added to 'runtimepath'.  This is
			useful in your |init.vim|.  The plugins will then be
			loaded during |initialization|, see |load-plugins| (note
			that the loading order will be reversed, because each

> 			directory is inserted before others). In this case, the
> 			ftdetect scripts will be loaded in step 5 during
> 			|initialization|, before the |load-plugins| step.

Reviewer: Let's not say "step 5", because if the ordering of initialization ever changes it will be too easy to forget to update this.

```suggestion
			directory is inserted before others). In this case, the
			ftdetect scripts will be loaded during |initialization|,
			before the |load-plugins| step.
```

			below "plugin", just like with plugins in
			'runtimepath'.

			If the filetype detection was already enabled (this
			is usually done with a "syntax enable" or "filetype

> 			on" command in your .vimrc file, or automatically during

Reviewer: Since we're making Neovim specific changes, might as well go all in.

```suggestion
			on" command in your |init.vim|, or automatically during
```

			|initialization|), and the package was found in
			"pack/*/opt/{name}", this command will also look
			for "{name}/ftdetect/*.vim" files.
			Note that otherwise the ftdetect scripts will be loaded
			when filetype detection is enabled, since they appear in

> 			'runtimepath' now.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this sentence is necessary.

			When the optional ! is added no plugin files or
			ftdetect scripts are loaded, only the matching
			directories are added to 'runtimepath'.  This is

> 			useful in your .vimrc.  The plugins will then be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			useful in your |init.vim|.  The plugins will then be
```
